So here it is, the mysterious #2 you've heard so much about: the source code
for Marathon 2: Durandal. Now all you mad hackers can see how it was done,
and nod admiringly or shiver in terror as the situation may demand.

This code is issued under the GNU Public License.  Please read the license
(a copy is enclosed in the same directory as this ReadMe) and abide by its
terms.

The following are some things to keep in mind when using and perusing this
source code:

1. As noted in the license agreement, this code is provided as-is.  We're
not in a position to offer coding support, so please don't call or email us
asking for help or explanations. If you're not a programmer you should
probably delete this and get on with your life. Even experienced coders are
going to find some of this pretty hairy.

2. These are MPW files, because Macintosh Programmer's Workshop is what we
used back in the day. Getting these files to compile under any development
environment will require some effort on your part, as certain bits (like the
serial number algorithm) have been removed.

3. This is real code written by real programmers and as such contains real
language, sometimes in variable names where it's impossible to avoid. If you
(or your parents) are especially sensitive to four-letter words, please
consider perusing some of the profanity-free source code available on the
net, such as "Hello World."

4. This is the Mac source.  The sole known archive of the Windows 9x source
was placed in a lead box and shipped to one of our island laboratories for
safekeeping. Unbeknownst to us, the boat carrying the box made an
unscheduled run up the coast of Madagascar, where the ship's captain hoped
to catch the end of the annual Miss Middle Of Nowhere pageant. The ship was
approximately six miles from shore when it was torpedoed by a one-man sub
purchased from the Hammacher-Schlemmer catalog by a punter with more money
than brains. Divers are still combing the sea floor looking for the box
containing the Windows code, and if we ever find it I'm sure we'll let you
know. Windows hackers with lots of spare time may still be able to do
interesting things with this code.


If you manage to do anything cool with this code, please let us know so we
can download it and check it out.

Regards,

Matthew Soell
Director of Customer Support
Bungie Software
January 17, 2000
(1/17/2000 = 1 + 1 + 7 + 2 + 0 + 0 + 0 = 11 = 1 + 1 = #2)
